my profile my trades my offers my forecasts bookmarks

search

add trade

SignUp LogIn

left

right

# Use of Cookies

This website uses cookies and web storage to better the users experience while
visiting the website. Cookies allows you to stay signed in. Other than that
they are used to keep track of advertisements and services provided by Google
(read more).

Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track,
save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the
website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with
a tailored experience within this website.

Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from
this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps
within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this
website and its external serving vendors.

This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better
understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics
which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to
your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and
usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal
information. You can read Google's privacy policy here for further
information.

You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser
which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. Most browsers allow you to
refuse to accept cookies. For example:  
\- in Internet Explorer (version 9) you can block cookies using the cookie
handling override settings available by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options",
"Privacy" and then "Advanced";  
\- in Firefox (version 16) you can block all cookies by clicking "Tools",
"Options", "Privacy", selecting "Use custom settings for history" from the
drop-down menu, and unticking "Accept cookies from sites";  
\- in Chrome (version 23), you can block all cookies by accessing the
"Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced
settings" and "Content settings", and then selecting "Block sites from setting
any data" under the "Cookies" heading. However, if you select this setting you
may be unable to access certain parts of the site. Unless you have adjusted
your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue
cookies when you log on to the site. If you continue to use the site, you
agree to our use of cookies.

You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:  
\- in Internet Explorer (version 9), you must manually delete cookie files
(you can find instructions for doing so at
http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);  
\- in Firefox (version 16), you can delete cookies by clicking "Tools",
"Options", "Privacy" and then "Show Cookies", and then clicking "Remove All
Cookies";  
\- in Chrome (version 23), you can delete all cookies by accessing the
"Customise and control" menu, and clicking "Settings", "Show advanced
settings" and "Clear browsing data", and then selecting "Delete cookies and
other site and plug-in data" before clicking "Clear browsing data".

Forum Reddit User's guide Rules Contact

  
  
© 2016 by Borewik  
Terms of Service | Privacy  
Responsible Gambling

  * English
  * Russian
  * Chinese

Language: English

Close  

icon-coins icon-envelope

